Faust was created in Silicon Valley by a financial services company called Robinhood.
The data engineering team at Robinhood found
themselves wanting to build stream processing applications,
but saw that most of the technology in space was built to be used in Java or the JVM.
Given the team was most comfortable working with Python,
Robinhood set out to create a stream processing framework in Python that
implemented many of the same concepts found in Confluence Kafka streams library.
Faust was written entirely in Python from
the underlying Kafka libraries to the framework code itself.
Their effort was a success almost
immediately and even drew positive accolades from Jay Craps,
one of the original authors of Kafka and the CEO of Confluent.
We're covering Faustness lesson,
and it is a wonderful tool.
If you prefer a Python workflow,
be aware that there are other excellent stream processing frameworks in other languages,
namely, if you're comfortable with Java Scala or other JVM languages,
make sure to look into Kafka streams.
Thankfully, if you decide to experiment with Kafka streams,
you'll find that the skills you developed in this class and specifically in
this lesson will map nicely onto that framework.